guys here ascii there may again it
new facecam here on my channel
raskin as seen on the cliff cape
body lay call of duty 4 play and me
must be a free for okay we are going to win with
a random weapon
so now I'm just going to go for a random weapon
I choose there biofoam jobs stand suit
just the top crash the press that
just remains the same country
I always have percy on
I just need to by three I need this
science and butterflies' especially
so now I just go random
take my weapon and close my eyes
will automatically see if my so
doubt search engine light machine shop
can sneak over and there will
naturally all see when we get to that category
and which weapon we have in that
get a category
close scrum eyes and then we go
just look for what gets windows
3 2 1 he waits the mix wage this
game black or cutting is very fast
are switching so I stay a lot
so we really just random
suddenly recover somewhere and sounds now
but also a search engine now
or we have the f5 key corp in the mini you
sees the field virus you have or the p90
to get
why glad i have my cbc news
ge region are quite a chill 12 look and
go check ff and then I stop in three
two one place
but where is the p90 jazz am has is
my favorite except ok now one more
and tess sparrows must see something like that
also a fs coin
take a look 3 2 1 click
This was what set my head
oh no attachment arm and you don't have one
ass okay now another camel camel
spark plugs and filters click have quick click
which camel no room okay mode this
our glass leg sent et
testibus needs to be freezer okay we
are going to win
So I see you guys as Coming up
we ended up in a jar is also
everything in that fire takes course
a while and this is probably one
new series on my channel I'm going this
try with all different call
or duty lemon
if you have any tips for this series
I for example, echo perth
running should start running to choose one
secondary and then start walking then choose
then let everyone know in the comments
where you can stay at home this evening
episode I just go here a fixed
make series
not just on call or duty 4
but also on men hot or two
also a place or is also a mill yard
3 maybe even and just as well
on lack of two so guys I see
you would soon sit like game win
guys there i'm reappearing so
see in the vu especially jar killed it is
the malloc and I find the mold book myself
west son
men were allowed to play and probably
you all think as you read
facebook sees what the fuck is with the cap
but she follows me live streams and you are
been present at the livestreams
Do you know exactly why I put this cap on
my husband go this class for a while
tackle p90 to none the esme seemed
camel and and perky remain the same
and bandelier it is just kind of
Of course you need a screen I stop
well that really is just a must have
calorie that four because there you are
bullets stronger from
and if you don't have it then you have it
just instead of 5 bullets
every 19 needed so on your power says
just a must have in call of duty 4
and just jets lines so that x
of course not on the
sound from them is ok ok i have
I would turn up my sound a bit louder
my first game of the day and I'm going
just upload the first jar immediately
so i have to go bad we go i go
worse should I go well I go
well and it really just plays ramos
sin fm is this weapon
two I always actually sneak one
insist on science it is me completely
got used to those scenes there only now
I suddenly she is not the asthma it and
it really just played really weird
just like there is some kind of rapid fire or something
is built-in and stay here as particles
kempen
until then you wvf because then you can
start running around again without you
in free especially calorie that you can fourth
nothing at all because look at this
I mean so that 's just it
National front of you in your back pack
tensioners suddenly on the other side again
let you go to beautiful there is again
caught so it doesn't all work that way
good on call of duty 4 if you really
just running around without miss
florence i always try to be kind
kempi
get me jevi and then i see
continue or you can head with it
the channel or I then also form
other killstreaks channel of the trusses
of it again next person she is my
just the disadvantage of call or duty 4 that
so many people just get used to it all at once
after tense
that guy that grab why it put 5 bullets in it
our planet now is a right
the runner effect from through the container
a scyther did not tick so nicely
of your boy that's here like
plastic somewhere has a look here
all the way at the back
are you what he thinks he is doing
may well be nice moment effies
medic in call i also had one there
fight killstreak just because i like them
I can now no longer have to go about rags
fight in it call him dots call of duty
4 it is made so if you have a kills and
I've had another killstreak
another killstreak goes away that you
of course, had again before it
is all a bit on call or
duty 4 but we are going to enjoy it
moment i still it only one that
and we are working on almost 15 kills
in language is the 15 kills thank you
game
just stay here this folder
dominate because they just swarmed now
the kind of side of this folder and
I just keep dominating and then I have to
it probably goes well it
game is not leaking you for the first time
most like colordiv
game leaks when I am a little too around
then you just don't get those fans
kill until everyone watches the game cunt
I have to reload
can i gotta lilo the wat fuck you go
do no no no oh shit man i had to
reload
What I want now is just a shame I
years we die but also makes further
no matter we just go back to
same spot hot just got up and me
just upload this comment for
the new series so you were allowed to use this one
series would like to see please
please don't like me i'm dying now
by a camper that is just next to one
fucking trash sit and you
lies on a car or that somersault shit oh
shit is going to shoot a like walk
before I had my spot I always played
the more economical
and I thought well I'm just going to shoot now
see if that still delivers like that after
and I had my final story came
another camper back at me randy
come leaders of easy it was him
stood to your wi-fi is because they so
this was a handy call of duty 4 it
make your weapon
well not really that much red like that
chance unifi i have a case on ak-47
color figure always send with the
sauce on the ps book already with the science on
that wagons determined with the aryan and
it just works really really well
to play with him together on kanji die 4
so if you can now i can see you again
have lie i have now follow me 20 times
collins that the 4 consecutive step then
you must already come from the verbal body
definitely plays again because she
truly one of the best call of duty ever
and I also just looked around
these calorie players are up to four
power each die of I exchange
nice men play without the site and me
wants to show iron pot codes luc on the
helicopter to helicopter also on cats
me helicopter don't make that once
found me a pawn total convenience
their call in a helicopter that had
immediately again I said twice
not fair guys but then walk here
one more and that it will be your weather
won boys free especially collins that
four of course just goes to the
with the 25
if you like it completely well
found with facecam there with the random
lessons from knowing later in the responses and
let you know through german
may smoke at 700 or 800 on this
episode so I go more from this series
upload and I'll maybe
just random person just act
maybe a random flash generator '
make me just random class in there
Once getting into the image I
must use to play with
but guys all thank you for looking
do n't forget to like him the server is
immediately flickered and I can too
all four here also close because
so I have to do my homework
guys thanks for looking at this one
video don't forget to like the
next time
adios with my hat on